My barista smiles at me from his sky-blue ceramic mug as I walk in the door. 

Cinnamon wafts from his mug down the bar. Tainted by the perfumes and sweat of his customers, the flavor drives my memory to a race three winters ago.

I take a seat across from him and his smile morphs into a slight frown. He has my order ready and slides it in front of me -- must have read it in my face. 

"Saw a hitchhiker today", he says. "Walking South. Why I couldn't reckon, since that place fell into sharp pieces, social fabric fractured by competing desires and dangerous economic weapons."

"You speak of the shootings."

"All violence arises from economics, Coffee Man. Generally the economics of scarcity. Now I wondered, why would anyone hitchhike down there?"

["I hitchiked once." / "Will you pick them up on your way back out?"]

"Down in Taos. Freezing cold outside, snow glazing down highway. I had missed a bus, see, it only stopped for a moment.. I had only the name of a band to go by, and I set out in the cold in search of a house party."

My barista takes a slow sip from his cinnamon memory mug. He's waited a good minute since I told a story.

"Walked and walked and walked. Took down the last protein bar in my pocket.  Had a rough map in my head from directions given to me 7 hours earlier but.. out in the cold, everywhere leads to nowhere.

I ended up in a stranger's home, after thinking I had found my destination. Kind lady, shared -- well, insisted on sharing -- a shot with me to warm me up."

His eyes are closed. His inner mind, heated by his coffee, churns the syllablic waves pouring from my mouth crafting an inner replica of my memory.

"Met two more -- them in a car, driving down the main road. Midnight. No one else stopped. I asked about a concert. They knew just the one. Asked me if I carried a gun. Took me back to the concert. 

Two lesbian folk singers -- I'm not making a judgement -- just identifying them because they were proud, they'd want it known. So I sat and ate chips and dip, closed my eyes and listened to them play.."

My eyes close, remembering fingers dancing across the strings. That resonating voice, pouring through the room, through the house off a dirt path blanketed by falling snow in the black night.

Sit Barista saw Hitchhiker going south, why since it fellintosharppieces,fracturedfabric
Pour:
   Lost in the cold, party, music , Taos        ,     People are the blood of this machine
Drink  hitchhiker in with a driver -- "Let's get coffee first"
